Link to finished codepen: https://codepen.io/Banger484/pen/abwNOLa?editors=1000

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    It is HTML that gives meaning to our markup
    2. What is HTML used for?
    It is used to describe the structure of a web page.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Attributes are special words to control and elements behavior, they go inside of the element tags.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    H1 is used as an HTML heading, and a website should only have 1 H1 tag.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    anchor tags and img tags
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    The head will contain data that isn't displayed, usually defining the document.
    7. What is an id? 
    ID is a unique identifier, global attribute.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    Any html element can used the ID attribute
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    ID attributes are meant to be unique, so use each one only once
    10. What is a class? 
    Class is an identifying attribute, used to target only certain elements.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Any html element can use the class attribute
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    You can reuse the same class as much as you like.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    Simply add:  target="_blank" into your anchor tag.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    Alt attribute adds a text discription to an image on a webpage
    15. How do I reference an id?
    use a #nameOfId
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section means that the content inside is grouped, where as div does not convey any meaning (aside from any found in its class.)
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    CSS is used to style webpages
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    Class can be used for naming groups of content, and an ID is used for a unique identifier. Class could be used for each group of links on your page ie. class='links'
    and ID could be used to name a section of your page like the top of your page. <h1 id='top'>Top of Page</h1>
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .nameOfClass
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p .human{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    selects all elements that are a direct child of hte specified element. It's useful for modifying specific elements under a singular parent element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div .sidebar{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    a selector that selects elements that ar ein a specific state ie. hovered over
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height: 20px;
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing: 20px;
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: uppercase; text-transform: lowercase; text-transform: Capitalize;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div{
        border-style: dotted;
        border-color: black;
        border-width: 1px;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    * {}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* text in here */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm, you have to be careful with this command because it can't be undone
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    Version control helps keep track of changes
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Every 20 minutes
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin FirstName-LastName
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        1. fork the repo
        2. clone the repo
        3. cd to the the desired directory
        4. git clone repolink.git
        5. cd to the new repo
        6. create a new branch using git checkout -b Firstname-LastName
        7. Work on your repo
        8. git add .
        9. git commit -m "describe your changes"
        10. git push -u origin firstname-LastName
        11. return to github and make sure you are on your forked project
        12. go to your new pull request, copy the url and submit the url on canvas.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    Inline elements do not force a new line to begin it he document flow, block elements typically cause a line break to occur.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    Absolute positioning will cause the elements to float on their own layer, instead of moving with the page. This is useful for creating a UI that doesn't interfere with the web page.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
